plugin/action/README.md, before:

# Action plugins

## add_file_name
It adds a field containing the file name to the event.
It is only applicable for input plugins k8s and file.

[More details...](plugin/action/add_file_name/README.md)
## add_host
It adds field containing hostname to an event.

[More details...](plugin/action/add_host/README.md)
## convert_date
It converts field date/time data to different format.

[More details...](plugin/action/convert_date/README.md)
## convert_log_level
It converts the log level field according RFC-5424.

[More details...](plugin/action/convert_log_level/README.md)
## convert_utf8_bytes
It converts multiple UTF-8-encoded bytes to corresponding characters.
Supports unicode (`\u...` and `\U...`), hex (`\x...`) and octal (`\{0-3}{0-7}{0-7}`) encoded bytes.

> Note: Escaped and unescaped backslashes are treated the same.
For example, the following 2 values will be converted to the same result:
`\x68\x65\x6C\x6C\x6F` and `\\x68\\x65\\x6C\\x6C\\x6F` => `hello`

### Examples
```yaml
pipelines:
  example_pipeline:
    ...
    actions:
    - type: convert_utf8_bytes
      fields:
        - obj.field
    ...
```

The original event:
```json
{
  "obj": {
    "field": "\\xD0\\xA1\\xD0\\x98\\xD0\\xA1\\xD0\\xA2\\xD0\\x95\\xD0\\x9C\\xD0\\x90.xml"
  }
}
```
The resulting event:
```json
{
  "obj": {
    "field": "СИСТЕМА.xml"
  }
}
```
---
The original event:
```json
{
  "obj": {
    "field": "$\\110\\145\\154\\154\\157\\054\\040\\146\\151\\154\\145\\056\\144!"
  }
}
```
The resulting event:
```json
{
  "obj": {
    "field": "$Hello, file.d!"
  }
}
```
---
The original event:
```json
{
  "obj": {
    "field": "$\\u0048\\u0065\\u006C\\u006C\\u006F\\u002C\\u0020\\ud801\\udc01!"
  }
}
```
The resulting event:
```json
{
  "obj": {
    "field": "$Hello, 𐐁!"
  }
}
```
---
The original event:
```json
{
  "obj": {
    "field": "{\"Dir\":\"C:\\\\Users\\\\username\\\\.prog\\\\120.67.0\\\\x86_64\\\\x64\",\"File\":\"$Storage$\\xD0\\x9F\\xD1\\x80\\xD0\\xB8\\xD0\\xB7\\xD0\\xBD\\xD0\\xB0\\xD0\\xBA.20.tbl.xml\"}"
  }
}
```
The resulting event:
```json
{
  "obj": {
    "field": "{\"Dir\":\"C:\\\\Users\\\\username\\\\.prog\\\\120.67.0\\\\x86_64\\\\x64\",\"File\":\"$Storage$Признак.20.tbl.xml\"}"
  }
}
```

[More details...](plugin/action/convert_utf8_bytes/README.md)
## debug
It logs event to stderr. Useful for debugging.

It may sample by logging the `first` N entries each tick.
If more events are seen during the same `interval`,
every `thereafter` message is logged and the rest are dropped.

For example,

```yaml
- type: debug
  interval: 1s
  first: 10
  thereafter: 5
```

This will log the first 10 events in a one second interval as-is.
Following that, it will allow through every 5th event in that interval.


[More details...](plugin/action/debug/README.md)
## discard
It drops an event. It is used in a combination with `match_fields`/`match_mode` parameters to filter out the events.

**An example for discarding informational and debug logs:**
```yaml
pipelines:
  example_pipeline:
    ...
    actions:
    - type: discard
      match_fields:
        level: /info|debug/
    ...
```

[More details...](plugin/action/discard/README.md)
## flatten
It extracts the object keys and adds them into the root with some prefix. If the provided field isn't an object, an event will be skipped.

**Example:**
```yaml
pipelines:
  example_pipeline:
    ...
    actions:
    - type: flatten
      field: animal
      prefix: pet_
    ...
```
It transforms `{"animal":{"type":"cat","paws":4}}` into `{"pet_type":"b","pet_paws":"4"}`.

[More details...](plugin/action/flatten/README.md)
## join
It makes one big event from the sequence of the events.
It is useful for assembling back together "exceptions" or "panics" if they were written line by line.
Also known as "multiline".

> ⚠ Parsing the whole event flow could be very CPU intensive because the plugin uses regular expressions.
> Consider `match_fields` parameter to process only particular events. Check out an example for details.

**Example of joining Go panics**:
```yaml
pipelines:
  example_pipeline:
    ...
    actions:
    - type: join
      field: log
      start: '/^(panic:)|(http: panic serving)/'
      continue: '/(^\s*$)|(goroutine [0-9]+ \[)|(\([0-9]+x[0-9,a-f]+)|(\.go:[0-9]+ \+[0-9]x)|(\/.*\.go:[0-9]+)|(\(...\))|(main\.main\(\))|(created by .*\/.*\.)|(^\[signal)|(panic.+[0-9]x[0-9,a-f]+)|(panic:)/'
      match_fields:
        stream: stderr // apply only for events which was written to stderr to save CPU time
    ...
```

[More details...](plugin/action/join/README.md)
## join_template
Alias to "join" plugin with predefined `start` and `continue` parameters.

> ⚠ Parsing the whole event flow could be very CPU intensive because the plugin uses regular expressions.
> Consider `match_fields` parameter to process only particular events. Check out an example for details.

**Example of joining Go panics**:
```yaml
pipelines:
  example_pipeline:
    ...
    actions:
    - type: join_template
      template: go_panic
      field: log
      match_fields:
        stream: stderr // apply only for events which was written to stderr to save CPU time
    ...
```

[More details...](plugin/action/join_template/README.md)
## json_decode
It decodes a JSON string from the event field and merges the result with the event root.
If the decoded JSON isn't an object, the event will be skipped.

[More details...](plugin/action/json_decode/README.md)
## json_encode
It replaces field with its JSON string representation.

**Example:**
```yaml
pipelines:
  example_pipeline:
    ...
    actions:
    - type: json_encode
      field: server
    ...
```
It transforms `{"server":{"os":"linux","arch":"amd64"}}` into `{"server":"{\"os\":\"linux\",\"arch\":\"amd64\"}"}`.


[More details...](plugin/action/json_encode/README.md)
## json_extract
It extracts a field from JSON-encoded event field and adds extracted field to the event root.
> If extracted field already exists in the event root, it will be overridden.

[More details...](plugin/action/json_extract/README.md)
## keep_fields
It keeps the list of the event fields and removes others.

[More details...](plugin/action/keep_fields/README.md)
## mask
Mask plugin matches event with regular expression and substitutions successfully matched symbols via asterix symbol.
You could set regular expressions and submatch groups.

**Example:**
```yaml
pipelines:
  example_pipeline:
    ...
    actions:
    - type: mask
      metric_subsystem_name: "some_name"
      ignore_fields:
      - trace_id
      masks:
      - mask:
        re: "\b(\d{1,4})\D?(\d{1,4})\D?(\d{1,4})\D?(\d{1,4})\b"
        groups: [1,2,3]
    ...
```


[More details...](plugin/action/mask/README.md)
## modify
It modifies the content for a field or add new field. It works only with strings.
You can provide an unlimited number of config parameters. Each parameter handled as `cfg.FieldSelector`:`cfg.Substitution`.

> Note: When used to add new nested fields, each child field is added step by step, which can cause performance issues.

**Example:**
```yaml
pipelines:
  example_pipeline:
    ...
    actions:
    - type: modify
      my_object.field.subfield: value is ${another_object.value}.
    ...
```

The resulting event could look like:
```
{
  "my_object": {
    "field": {
      "subfield":"value is 666."
    }
  },
  "another_object": {
    "value": 666
  }
```

**Filters**

Sometimes it is required to extract certain data from fields and for that purpose filter chains were added.
Filters are added one after another using pipe '|' symbol and they are applied to the last value in the chain.

For example, in expression `${field|re("(test-pod-\w+)",-1,[1],",")|re("test-pod-(\w+)",-1,[1],",")}` first the value of 'field' is retrieved,
then the data extracted using first regular expression and formed into a new string, then the second regular expression is applied
and its result is formed into a value to be put in modified field.

Currently available filters are:

+ `regex filter` - `re(regex string, limit int, groups []int, separator string)`, filters data using `regex`, extracts `limit` occurrences,
takes regex groups listed in `groups` list, and if there are more than one extracted element concatenates result using `separator`.
Negative value of `limit` means all occurrences are extracted, `limit` 0 means no occurrences are extracted, `limit` greater than 0 means
at most `limit` occurrences are extracted.

+ `trim filter` - `trim(mode string, cutset string)`, trims data by the `cutset` substring. Available modes are `all` - trim both sides,
`left` - trim only left, `right` - trim only right.

Examples:

Example #1:

Data: `{"message:"info: something happened"}`

Substitution: `level: ${message|re("(\w+):.*",-1,[1],",")}`

Result: `{"message:"info: something happened","level":"info"}`

Example #2:

Data: `{"message:"re1 re2 re3 re4"}`

Substitution: `extracted: ${message|re("(re\d+)",2,[1],",")}`

Result: `{"message:"re1 re2 re3 re4","extracted":"re1,re2"}`

Example #3:

Data: `{"message:"service=service-test-1 exec took 200ms"}`

Substitution: `took: ${message|re("service=([A-Za-z0-9_\-]+) exec took (\d+\.?\d*(?:ms|s|m|h))",-1,[2],",")}`

Result: `{"message:"service=service-test-1 exec took 200ms","took":"200ms"}`

Example #4:

Data: `{"message:"{\"service\":\"service-test-1\",\"took\":\"200ms\"}\n"}`

Substitution: `message: ${message|trim("right","\n")}`

Result: `{"message:"{\"service\":\"service-test-1\",\"took\":\"200ms\"}"}`


[More details...](plugin/action/modify/README.md)
## move
It moves fields to the target field in a certain mode.
> In `allow` mode, the specified `fields` will be moved;
> in `block` mode, the unspecified `fields` will be moved.

### Examples
```yaml
pipelines:
  example_pipeline:
    ...
    actions:
    - type: move
      mode: allow
      target: other
      fields:
        - log.stream
        - zone
    ...
```
The original event:
```json
{
  "service": "test",
  "log": {
    "level": "error",
    "message": "error occurred",
    "ts": "2023-10-30T13:35:33.638720813Z",
    "stream": "stderr"
  },
  "zone": "z501"
}
```
The resulting event:
```json
{
  "service": "test",
  "log": {
    "level": "error",
    "message": "error occurred",
    "ts": "2023-10-30T13:35:33.638720813Z"
  },
  "other": {
    "stream": "stderr",
    "zone": "z501"
  }
}
```
---
```yaml
pipelines:
  example_pipeline:
    ...
    actions:
    - type: move
      mode: block
      target: other
      fields:
        - log
    ...
```
The original event:
```json
{
  "service": "test",
  "log": {
    "level": "error",
    "message": "error occurred",
    "ts": "2023-10-30T13:35:33.638720813Z",
    "stream": "stderr"
  },
  "zone": "z501",
  "other": {
    "user": "ivanivanov"
  }
}
```
The resulting event:
```json
{
  "log": {
    "level": "error",
    "message": "error occurred",
    "ts": "2023-10-30T13:35:33.638720813Z"
  },
  "other": {
    "user": "ivanivanov",
    "service": "test",
    "zone": "z501"
  }
}
```

[More details...](plugin/action/move/README.md)
## parse_es
It parses HTTP input using Elasticsearch `/_bulk` API format. It converts sources defining create/index actions to the events. Update/delete actions are ignored.
> Check out the details in [Elastic Bulk API](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/docs-bulk.html).

[More details...](plugin/action/parse_es/README.md)
## parse_re2
It parses string from the event field using re2 expression with named subgroups and merges the result with the event root.

[More details...](plugin/action/parse_re2/README.md)
## remove_fields
It removes the list of the event fields and keeps others.

[More details...](plugin/action/remove_fields/README.md)
## rename
It renames the fields of the event. You can provide an unlimited number of config parameters. Each parameter handled as `cfg.FieldSelector`:`string`.
When `override` is set to `false`, the field won't be renamed in the case of field name collision.
Sequence of rename operations isn't guaranteed. Use different actions for prioritization.

**Example:**
```yaml
pipelines:
  example_pipeline:
    ...
    actions:
    - type: rename
      override: false
      my_object.field.subfield: new_sub_field
    ...
```

The resulting event could look like:
```yaml
{
  "my_object": {
    "field": {
      "new_sub_field":"value"
    }
  },
```

[More details...](plugin/action/rename/README.md)
## set_time
It adds time field to the event.

[More details...](plugin/action/set_time/README.md)
## split
It splits array of objects into different events.

For example:
```json
{
	"data": [
		{ "message": "go" },
		{ "message": "rust" },
		{ "message": "c++" }
	]
}
```

Split produces:
```json
{ "message": "go" },
{ "message": "rust" },
{ "message": "c++" }
```

Parent event will be discarded.
If the value of the JSON field is not an array of objects, then the event will be pass unchanged.

[More details...](plugin/action/split/README.md)
## throttle
It discards the events if pipeline throughput gets higher than a configured threshold.

[More details...](plugin/action/throttle/README.md)
<br>*Generated using [__insane-doc__](https://github.com/vitkovskii/insane-doc)*

Commit message:

rename parse_http_source_name to parse_http && add test

plugin/action/README.md, after:

# Action plugins

## add_file_name
It adds a field containing the file name to the event.
It is only applicable for input plugins k8s and file.

[More details...](plugin/action/add_file_name/README.md)
## add_host
It adds field containing hostname to an event.

[More details...](plugin/action/add_host/README.md)
## convert_date
It converts field date/time data to different format.

[More details...](plugin/action/convert_date/README.md)
## convert_log_level
It converts the log level field according RFC-5424.

[More details...](plugin/action/convert_log_level/README.md)
## convert_utf8_bytes
It converts multiple UTF-8-encoded bytes to corresponding characters.
Supports unicode (`\u...` and `\U...`), hex (`\x...`) and octal (`\{0-3}{0-7}{0-7}`) encoded bytes.

> Note: Escaped and unescaped backslashes are treated the same.
For example, the following 2 values will be converted to the same result:
`\x68\x65\x6C\x6C\x6F` and `\\x68\\x65\\x6C\\x6C\\x6F` => `hello`

### Examples
```yaml
pipelines:
  example_pipeline:
    ...
    actions:
    - type: convert_utf8_bytes
      fields:
        - obj.field
    ...
```

The original event:
```json
{
  "obj": {
    "field": "\\xD0\\xA1\\xD0\\x98\\xD0\\xA1\\xD0\\xA2\\xD0\\x95\\xD0\\x9C\\xD0\\x90.xml"
  }
}
```
The resulting event:
```json
{
  "obj": {
    "field": "СИСТЕМА.xml"
  }
}
```
---
The original event:
```json
{
  "obj": {
    "field": "$\\110\\145\\154\\154\\157\\054\\040\\146\\151\\154\\145\\056\\144!"
  }
}
```
The resulting event:
```json
{
  "obj": {
    "field": "$Hello, file.d!"
  }
}
```
---
The original event:
```json
{
  "obj": {
    "field": "$\\u0048\\u0065\\u006C\\u006C\\u006F\\u002C\\u0020\\ud801\\udc01!"
  }
}
```
The resulting event:
```json
{
  "obj": {
    "field": "$Hello, 𐐁!"
  }
}
```
---
The original event:
```json
{
  "obj": {
    "field": "{\"Dir\":\"C:\\\\Users\\\\username\\\\.prog\\\\120.67.0\\\\x86_64\\\\x64\",\"File\":\"$Storage$\\xD0\\x9F\\xD1\\x80\\xD0\\xB8\\xD0\\xB7\\xD0\\xBD\\xD0\\xB0\\xD0\\xBA.20.tbl.xml\"}"
  }
}
```
The resulting event:
```json
{
  "obj": {
    "field": "{\"Dir\":\"C:\\\\Users\\\\username\\\\.prog\\\\120.67.0\\\\x86_64\\\\x64\",\"File\":\"$Storage$Признак.20.tbl.xml\"}"
  }
}
```

[More details...](plugin/action/convert_utf8_bytes/README.md)
## debug
It logs event to stderr. Useful for debugging.

It may sample by logging the `first` N entries each tick.
If more events are seen during the same `interval`,
every `thereafter` message is logged and the rest are dropped.

For example,

```yaml
- type: debug
  interval: 1s
  first: 10
  thereafter: 5
```

This will log the first 10 events in a one second interval as-is.
Following that, it will allow through every 5th event in that interval.


[More details...](plugin/action/debug/README.md)
## discard
It drops an event. It is used in a combination with `match_fields`/`match_mode` parameters to filter out the events.

**An example for discarding informational and debug logs:**
```yaml
pipelines:
  example_pipeline:
    ...
    actions:
    - type: discard
      match_fields:
        level: /info|debug/
    ...
```

[More details...](plugin/action/discard/README.md)
## flatten
It extracts the object keys and adds them into the root with some prefix. If the provided field isn't an object, an event will be skipped.

**Example:**
```yaml
pipelines:
  example_pipeline:
    ...
    actions:
    - type: flatten
      field: animal
      prefix: pet_
    ...
```
It transforms `{"animal":{"type":"cat","paws":4}}` into `{"pet_type":"b","pet_paws":"4"}`.

[More details...](plugin/action/flatten/README.md)
## join
It makes one big event from the sequence of the events.
It is useful for assembling back together "exceptions" or "panics" if they were written line by line.
Also known as "multiline".

> ⚠ Parsing the whole event flow could be very CPU intensive because the plugin uses regular expressions.
> Consider `match_fields` parameter to process only particular events. Check out an example for details.

**Example of joining Go panics**:
```yaml
pipelines:
  example_pipeline:
    ...
    actions:
    - type: join
      field: log
      start: '/^(panic:)|(http: panic serving)/'
      continue: '/(^\s*$)|(goroutine [0-9]+ \[)|(\([0-9]+x[0-9,a-f]+)|(\.go:[0-9]+ \+[0-9]x)|(\/.*\.go:[0-9]+)|(\(...\))|(main\.main\(\))|(created by .*\/.*\.)|(^\[signal)|(panic.+[0-9]x[0-9,a-f]+)|(panic:)/'
      match_fields:
        stream: stderr // apply only for events which was written to stderr to save CPU time
    ...
```

[More details...](plugin/action/join/README.md)
## join_template
Alias to "join" plugin with predefined `start` and `continue` parameters.

> ⚠ Parsing the whole event flow could be very CPU intensive because the plugin uses regular expressions.
> Consider `match_fields` parameter to process only particular events. Check out an example for details.

**Example of joining Go panics**:
```yaml
pipelines:
  example_pipeline:
    ...
    actions:
    - type: join_template
      template: go_panic
      field: log
      match_fields:
        stream: stderr // apply only for events which was written to stderr to save CPU time
    ...
```

[More details...](plugin/action/join_template/README.md)
## json_decode
It decodes a JSON string from the event field and merges the result with the event root.
If the decoded JSON isn't an object, the event will be skipped.

[More details...](plugin/action/json_decode/README.md)
## json_encode
It replaces field with its JSON string representation.

**Example:**
```yaml
pipelines:
  example_pipeline:
    ...
    actions:
    - type: json_encode
      field: server
    ...
```
It transforms `{"server":{"os":"linux","arch":"amd64"}}` into `{"server":"{\"os\":\"linux\",\"arch\":\"amd64\"}"}`.


[More details...](plugin/action/json_encode/README.md)
## json_extract
It extracts a field from JSON-encoded event field and adds extracted field to the event root.
> If extracted field already exists in the event root, it will be overridden.

[More details...](plugin/action/json_extract/README.md)
## keep_fields
It keeps the list of the event fields and removes others.

[More details...](plugin/action/keep_fields/README.md)
## mask
Mask plugin matches event with regular expression and substitutions successfully matched symbols via asterix symbol.
You could set regular expressions and submatch groups.

**Example:**
```yaml
pipelines:
  example_pipeline:
    ...
    actions:
    - type: mask
      metric_subsystem_name: "some_name"
      ignore_fields:
      - trace_id
      masks:
      - mask:
        re: "\b(\d{1,4})\D?(\d{1,4})\D?(\d{1,4})\D?(\d{1,4})\b"
        groups: [1,2,3]
    ...
```


[More details...](plugin/action/mask/README.md)
## modify
It modifies the content for a field or add new field. It works only with strings.
You can provide an unlimited number of config parameters. Each parameter handled as `cfg.FieldSelector`:`cfg.Substitution`.

> Note: When used to add new nested fields, each child field is added step by step, which can cause performance issues.

**Example:**
```yaml
pipelines:
  example_pipeline:
    ...
    actions:
    - type: modify
      my_object.field.subfield: value is ${another_object.value}.
    ...
```

The resulting event could look like:
```
{
  "my_object": {
    "field": {
      "subfield":"value is 666."
    }
  },
  "another_object": {
    "value": 666
  }
```

**Filters**

Sometimes it is required to extract certain data from fields and for that purpose filter chains were added.
Filters are added one after another using pipe '|' symbol and they are applied to the last value in the chain.

For example, in expression `${field|re("(test-pod-\w+)",-1,[1],",")|re("test-pod-(\w+)",-1,[1],",")}` first the value of 'field' is retrieved,
then the data extracted using first regular expression and formed into a new string, then the second regular expression is applied
and its result is formed into a value to be put in modified field.

Currently available filters are:

+ `regex filter` - `re(regex string, limit int, groups []int, separator string)`, filters data using `regex`, extracts `limit` occurrences,
takes regex groups listed in `groups` list, and if there are more than one extracted element concatenates result using `separator`.
Negative value of `limit` means all occurrences are extracted, `limit` 0 means no occurrences are extracted, `limit` greater than 0 means
at most `limit` occurrences are extracted.

+ `trim filter` - `trim(mode string, cutset string)`, trims data by the `cutset` substring. Available modes are `all` - trim both sides,
`left` - trim only left, `right` - trim only right.

Examples:

Example #1:

Data: `{"message:"info: something happened"}`

Substitution: `level: ${message|re("(\w+):.*",-1,[1],",")}`

Result: `{"message:"info: something happened","level":"info"}`

Example #2:

Data: `{"message:"re1 re2 re3 re4"}`

Substitution: `extracted: ${message|re("(re\d+)",2,[1],",")}`

Result: `{"message:"re1 re2 re3 re4","extracted":"re1,re2"}`

Example #3:

Data: `{"message:"service=service-test-1 exec took 200ms"}`

Substitution: `took: ${message|re("service=([A-Za-z0-9_\-]+) exec took (\d+\.?\d*(?:ms|s|m|h))",-1,[2],",")}`

Result: `{"message:"service=service-test-1 exec took 200ms","took":"200ms"}`

Example #4:

Data: `{"message:"{\"service\":\"service-test-1\",\"took\":\"200ms\"}\n"}`

Substitution: `message: ${message|trim("right","\n")}`

Result: `{"message:"{\"service\":\"service-test-1\",\"took\":\"200ms\"}"}`


[More details...](plugin/action/modify/README.md)
## move
It moves fields to the target field in a certain mode.
> In `allow` mode, the specified `fields` will be moved;
> in `block` mode, the unspecified `fields` will be moved.

### Examples
```yaml
pipelines:
  example_pipeline:
    ...
    actions:
    - type: move
      mode: allow
      target: other
      fields:
        - log.stream
        - zone
    ...
```
The original event:
```json
{
  "service": "test",
  "log": {
    "level": "error",
    "message": "error occurred",
    "ts": "2023-10-30T13:35:33.638720813Z",
    "stream": "stderr"
  },
  "zone": "z501"
}
```
The resulting event:
```json
{
  "service": "test",
  "log": {
    "level": "error",
    "message": "error occurred",
    "ts": "2023-10-30T13:35:33.638720813Z"
  },
  "other": {
    "stream": "stderr",
    "zone": "z501"
  }
}
```
---
```yaml
pipelines:
  example_pipeline:
    ...
    actions:
    - type: move
      mode: block
      target: other
      fields:
        - log
    ...
```
The original event:
```json
{
  "service": "test",
  "log": {
    "level": "error",
    "message": "error occurred",
    "ts": "2023-10-30T13:35:33.638720813Z",
    "stream": "stderr"
  },
  "zone": "z501",
  "other": {
    "user": "ivanivanov"
  }
}
```
The resulting event:
```json
{
  "log": {
    "level": "error",
    "message": "error occurred",
    "ts": "2023-10-30T13:35:33.638720813Z"
  },
  "other": {
    "user": "ivanivanov",
    "service": "test",
    "zone": "z501"
  }
}
```

[More details...](plugin/action/move/README.md)
## parse_es
It parses HTTP input using Elasticsearch `/_bulk` API format. It converts sources defining create/index actions to the events. Update/delete actions are ignored.
> Check out the details in [Elastic Bulk API](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/docs-bulk.html).

[More details...](plugin/action/parse_es/README.md)
## parse_http
It adds a field containing the file name to the event.
It is only applicable for input plugins k8s and file.

[More details...](plugin/action/parse_http/README.md)
## parse_re2
It parses string from the event field using re2 expression with named subgroups and merges the result with the event root.

[More details...](plugin/action/parse_re2/README.md)
## remove_fields
It removes the list of the event fields and keeps others.

[More details...](plugin/action/remove_fields/README.md)
## rename
It renames the fields of the event. You can provide an unlimited number of config parameters. Each parameter handled as `cfg.FieldSelector`:`string`.
When `override` is set to `false`, the field won't be renamed in the case of field name collision.
Sequence of rename operations isn't guaranteed. Use different actions for prioritization.

**Example:**
```yaml
pipelines:
  example_pipeline:
    ...
    actions:
    - type: rename
      override: false
      my_object.field.subfield: new_sub_field
    ...
```

The resulting event could look like:
```yaml
{
  "my_object": {
    "field": {
      "new_sub_field":"value"
    }
  },
```

[More details...](plugin/action/rename/README.md)
## set_time
It adds time field to the event.

[More details...](plugin/action/set_time/README.md)
## split
It splits array of objects into different events.

For example:
```json
{
	"data": [
		{ "message": "go" },
		{ "message": "rust" },
		{ "message": "c++" }
	]
}
```

Split produces:
```json
{ "message": "go" },
{ "message": "rust" },
{ "message": "c++" }
```

Parent event will be discarded.
If the value of the JSON field is not an array of objects, then the event will be pass unchanged.

[More details...](plugin/action/split/README.md)
## throttle
It discards the events if pipeline throughput gets higher than a configured threshold.

[More details...](plugin/action/throttle/README.md)
<br>*Generated using [__insane-doc__](https://github.com/vitkovskii/insane-doc)*
